
# Savage Pathfinder

Pathfinder Roleplaying Game for the Savage Worlds Adventure's Edition 

## Overview

Disrupt the Demon's current plans

## Opposition

Azrak, and a Balar Demon, Vrocks, Glabrezu demons.   Azrak summed the Balar and set it free to wreck havoc on Halgrim.  The demon is trying to summon an army now.

## NPCs

### Azrak
Seasoned Male Half-Elf

**Background**
Azrak is a half-elf, who growing up felt disconnected from both his ancestries.   He started seeing the so called evil peoples from a different perspective.   Eventually, he settled on the view that Ogres were the natural successors to ruling the earth.   

He started helping them, and enlightening them to their power, organizing them.  Preparing them to seize control of the land and maybe the world.


**Attributes**: Agility d6, Smarts d10, Spirit d8, Strength d6, Vigor d8
**Skills**: Athletics d4, Common Knowledge d6, Fighting d6, Healing d4, Intimidation d4, Notice d6, Occult d8, Persuasion d8-1, Spellcasting d12, Stealth d6
**Pace**: 6; **Parry**: 5; **Toughness**: 6
**Hindrances**: Driven (major, Chnage the World Order), Mean, Ruthless (major)
**Edges**: Power Points, Power Points, Wizard (Universalist)
**Weapons**: Unarmed (Range Melee, Damage Str), 3x Dagger/Knife (Range 3/6/12, Damage d4, ROF 1), Sword, Short (Range Melee, Damage d6)
**Gear**: Hat of Disguise (disguise 3/day), Headband of Mental Prowess, Minor (+1d Smart or Spirit), Ring of Protection, Minor (+2 Armor)
**Languages**: Native, Goblin, Orc, Gnoll, Elven
**Current Wealth**: 284gp
**Arcane Background**: Wizard (Custom)Power Points: 20Powers: Boost/Lower Trait (Pathfinder Core Book p178), Puppet (Pathfinder Core Book p192), Teleport (Pathfinder Core Book p198)
**Special Abilities**
* **Languages**: Common and Elven.
* **Elven Magic**: They get a free reroll when resisting enemy powers.
* **Flexibility**: Start with a d6 in any one Attribute. This does not increase the attribute maximum.
* **Low Light Vision**: They ignore penalties for Dim and Dark Illumination.
* **Wizard**: Power Points: 20; Powers: Boost/Lower Trait (Pathfinder Core Book p178), Puppet (Pathfinder Core Book p192), Teleport (Pathfinder Core Book p198)
* **Arcane Bond**: bonded object 500gp+ to add +1 to Spellcasting or Familiar as magical pet.
* **School**: specialist chooses one favored school gaining free reroll to cast spells from and two opposition schools spells from costing +1PP and -2 penalty to casting skill rolls.
* **Spellbooks**: must keep and maintain spellsbooks.
* **Languages Known**: Native, Goblin, Orc, Gnoll, Elven

## Locations

Forgotten Castle in the mountains south of Halgrim.  Site of some horror that left it abandoned.   It is said it is haunted by the dead.

## Scenes

### Act 1 - Find the demon

The heroes fight a Glabrezu demon and 3 Lemure in the courtyard, a seemingly easy fight quickly won.   What will the investigation find?

### Act 3 - Subterfuge

A prisoner in the castle warns them that they are out matched and suggests they flee.

### Act 4 - The Fight

They glimpse the Balar as he teleports away after mocking them.   They are left to fight two Glabrezu, and three Vrock

### Epilogue

An inn has been burnt down in Halgrim, people describe it as an explosion with manaical laughter.

#### Treasure

Treasure Given So far:

| Item                      | Value | Quantity | Notes                |
|:--------------------------|:-----:|:--------:|:--------------------:|
| Potion Darksight (minor)  | 50    | 4        |                      |
| Ring of feather fall      | 2200  | 1        |                      |
| Leather Jacket (Glamered) | 900   | 1        |                      |
| Sleep Arrow               | 70    | 10       |                      |
| Gold                      | 1     | 400      |                      |
| Silver                    | 1/10  | 1000     |                      |
| Copper                    | 1/100 | 2500     |                      |


## Bestiary

### Vrock
**Description**
Profane champions of the Abyss, vrocks embody all the rage, hatred, and violence of that despicable realm. As ravenous and grotesquely opportunistic as the avian scavengers they resemble, vrocks delight in bloodshed, relishing the sounds and sensations of ripping the still-pulsing entrails from a living husk. Vrocks usually form from the evil souls of hateful and wrathful mortals, particularly criminals, mercenaries, or assassins. Type: Evil Outsider (Vrock) Languages: Abyssal, Celestrial, Draconic.

**Attributes**: Agility d8, Smarts d6, Spirit d8, Strength d12, Vigor d10

**Skills**: Athletics d6, Common Knowledge d6, Fighting d10, Intimidation d8, Notice d10, Occult d8, Stealth d6, Survival d8

**Pace**: 6; **Parry**: 7; **Toughness**: 12 (4); **Size**: 1

**Edges**: Arcane Resistance, Sweep

**Gear**: 

#### Special Abilities
* **Armor +4:** Demonic hide.

* **Bite/Claws:** Str+d6, AP 2.

* **Dance of Ruin:** Any number of vrocks can spend their entire turn performing a dance of ruin, taking no other actions. If a vrock performs the Dance of Ruin for two consecutive turns, it releases an explosion of energy. Every foe within 20" (40 yards) takes 2d6 electricity damage for each vrock that finished the dance. This can be Evaded for half-damage.

* **Darkvision:** Vrocks ignore penalties for Illumination up to 10".

* **Demon:** Immune to electricity and poison; –4 damage from acid, cold, fire; minor detect arcana.

* **Flight:** Pace 8.

* **Innate Powers:** Minor illusion (duplicate of caster only), minor teleport (Greater Teleport, self).

* **Screech:** A vrock can screech as a limited action, causing non-demons within 5" (10 yards) to make a Vigor roll or be Stunned.

* **Size 1:** Vrocks stand 8' tall and weigh 400

* **Spores:** When a vrock's Action Card is a Jack or higher, it releases a cloud of spores. All non-vrocks in a Small Blast Template centered on the vrock are Vulnerable, Distracted, and Fatigued as vines grow from their bodies.
\column
### Balor
**Description**
A balor is a towering figure of fire and flesh-a horned, flying nightmare armed with flaming whip and a mighty sword. On the Abyss, most balors serve demon lords as general or captains. Some balors are even demon lords and masters themselves. A balor typically commands vast legions of demons. It often lets these slavering minions fight its battles, although most balors join a fight whenever an opportunity presents itself. Type: Evil Outsider (Balor)

**Attributes**: Agility d12, Smarts d10, Spirit d10, Strength d12+3, Vigor d10

**Skills**: Athletics d8, Battle d10, Common Knowledge d8, Fighting d12, Intimidate d12, Notice d10, Occult d12, Persuasion d12, Spellcasting d10, Stealth d8

**Pace**: 7; **Parry**: 8 or 10 (longsword); **Toughness**: 15 (4); **Size**: 4

**Wounds**: 13

**Edges**: Ambidextrous, Arcane Background (Magic), Arcane Resistance, Frenzy (Imp), Iron Will, Level Headed, Trademark Weapon (Imp, longsword), Two-Weapon Fighting

**Gear**: Longsword (Str+d8, AP 3, Keen), whip (Str+d4+1, AP 1, Reach 2, Damaging, Ele- mental (Fire)).

#### Special Abilities
* **Powers:** Burst (fire storm), puppet, stun, tele- kinesis. Power Points: 20.

* **Armor +4 (Heavy Armor ):** Demonic hide.

* **Death Throes:** When killed, a balor explodes in a blinding flash of fire. Anything within a Large Blast Template takes 4d6 fire damage. This can be Evaded for half-damage.

* **Demon:** Immune to electricity, fire, and poison; +4 damage from cold iron; –4 damage from acid, cold; minor detect arcana.

* **Entangle:** When a balor hits a Normal or smaller sized creature with its whip the victim is Entangled, or Bound with a raise.

* **Fiery Aura:** At the end of the balor's turn, all adjacent foes take 2d4 damage.

* **Flight:** Pace 9.

* **Innate Powers:** Major dispel (Area Effect, Multiple Powers), minor mind link, minor teleport (Greater Teleport, self).

* **Night Vision:** Balors ignore all penalties for Illumination.

* **Size 4 (Large):** A balor stands 14 feet tall and weighs 4,000 pounds. It can take one extra Wound.

* **Summon:** Once per day as a limited action this creature can summon any demon besides a balor.

* **Swat:** Ignores 4 points of Scale penalties.

* **Vorpal Strike:** When attacking with a sword or whip, a balor ignores 4 points of penalties for Called Shots to the head. Languages: Abyssal, Celestial, Draconic.

### Glabrezu
**Description**
Ferocious and bestial in form, the glabrezu is a master of trickery and lies. These treacherous demons form from the souls of the treasonous, the false, and the subversive. That is, souls of mortals who, in life, bore false witness or used treachery and deceit to ruin the lives of others. With its ability to cloak its true form in pleasant illusions, the glabrezu uses its magic to grant wishes to mortal humanoids as a method of rewarding those who succumb to its guile and deceit. A wish granted by a glabrezu always fulfills the wisher’s need in the most destructive way possible- although such methods might not be immediately apparent. Type: Evil Outsider (Glabrezu)

**Attributes**: Agility d6, Smarts d8, Spirit d8, Strength d12+4, Vigor d10

**Skills**: Athletics d6, Common Knowledge d6, Fighting d10, Intimidation d8, Notice d10, Persuasion d8, Stealth d4

**Pace**: 7; **Parry**: 7; **Toughness**: 17 (5)

**Edges**: Arcane Resistance, Sweep (Imp)

**Gear**: 

#### Special Abilities
* **Armor +5:** Demonic hide.

* **Bite/Claws/Pincers:** Str+d6, AP 4.

* **Darkvision:** Glabrezu demons ignore penalties for Illumination up to 10".

* **Demon:** Immune to electricity and poison; +4 damage from cold iron; –4 damage from acid, cold, fire; minor detect arcana.

* **Grant Wish:** Once per month, a Glabrezu demon can grant a mortal humanoid a wish.

* **Innate Powers:** Minor confusion, minor dispel, minor illusion (duplicate of caster only), minor teleport (Greater Teleport, self ).

* **Rending:** Anyone Shaken or Wounded by a bite attack begins to bleed profusely and must make a Vigor roll at the start of their next turn. Failure causes the victim to take a Wound. Success prevents the Wound but the roll must be made again on the victim's next turn. A raise or successful healing stops the bleeding.

* **Reverse Gravity:** As a limited action, a glabrezu can place a Large Blast Template within 10" (20 yards). Anyone in the template who doesn't Evade falls upward 60 feet. If this causes them to hit a hard surface (such as a ceiling) they take damage as if falling. Anyone who enters the template after it's created falls upward automatically. The Duration is five rounds, but anyone who somehow manages to move out of the template falls and is no longer affected. Size 5 (Large): Glabrezu demons stand 18' tall and weigh 6,000lbs. They can take one extra wound.  Summon: As a limited action this creature can summon another glabrezu or two vrocks, once per day.

* **Swat:** Ignores 4 points of Scale penalties.

* **Very Resilient:** The glabrezu can take two Wounds before being Incapacitated. Languages: Abyssal, Celestrial, Draconic.




