
Title: 2023-07-08 
Date: 2023-06-11 
Time: 15:10 

Total Advances to date: 5

## Status Updates

### Current Quests

- Deliver Box containing flesh gollem to [[Rennanna Vell]] in Halgrim
	- Sporti gave Great Axe to party to make no questions asked delivery 

### Facts
- Drin owes 3500 gp to [[Greta Scaeva]],  Payment promised by [[Carenza Calendula]]
- [[Ivar Sparre]] may be a [[Lich]] and in league with [[Azrak]]

## Encounters

### Act 1 - Travel Back to Halgrim

There is a ship in port in [[Hegranes]] that is headed to Halgrim, a typical [[Knarr]] with a full load, piloted by Hann Borstad.   They are short 10 men so have some room for passengers when they generally wouldn't.  The cost is 35 sp (5 sp/day, and they travel 75 miles per day.  At ~500 miles to Halgrim, that's 7 days travel).  The crew keep a watch every night and promise that they will wake the PC if anything is amiss.

On the evening of the 3rd day, if non of the PCs are on watch, they will wake to a gurgling scream as all but the captain and 2 rew members are killed by a figure in a cloak.   The figure will dive overboard in the dark, they will see him treading water, ignoring them. as the ship moves on leaving him alone in the ocean.

If the PCs remain on watch the assassin will instead incant a spell enveloping the ship in magical darkness, and then will proceed to kill each crew member.   The party will need to pilot the ship to port.

**Dramatic Task**: 24 tokens in 4 rounds.

### Act 2 - Banquet

Upon arrival at Halgrim, a runner comes up with invitations to a banquet King Estrid is holding in their honor.    The banquet is in three days, the characters will need to figure out expectations of dress, etc.   

The banquet is in the palace.   Surprisingly, guests are expected to be lightly armed and armored  (leather, daggers, throwing axes, short swords).  No bows, or large weapons.  

Most of the guests will have light leather and daggers.

After a lengthy introduction, dinner is served.   

#### Servants
- Kyrri Nyland (Man, Occupation: Servant)
- Gortrunnr Ulverke (Woman, Occupation: Maidservent)
- Ingvildr Rund (Woman, Occupation: Cook)

#### Guards
- Arni Ulverke (Man, Occupation: Home Guard)
- Vernar Aasen (Man, Occupation: Captain)

#### Entertainment
- Rosingur Ulverke (Man, Occupation: Skald)
	- Recites poem about shipwrecks
	- Song about the Boiltongue
	- Tells a story about ruins on an island a days sail northwest from Halgrim

#### Guests
##### Borre Family
Uppity family, doesn't like King Estrid or party.
- Simona Borre (Woman, Occupation: Alemaker)
- Arni Borre (Man, Occupation: Commander)
- Berta Lande (Woman, Occupation: Bodyguard)

##### Kristad Family
Down to earth family, likes [[Amaris]], invited him and his friends to home .
- Esmundur Kristad (Man, Occupation: Banner Holder)
	- Was in a battle with gnolls south of Halgrim not far from the southern keep
- Asdis Kristad (Woman, Occupation: BowWoman)
	- Has noticed an influx of skeletons while hunting
- Kyrri Aasen (Man, Occupation: Companion)

##### Nordahl Sisters
- Sarana Nordahl (Woman, Occupation: Rune Carver)
	- There was a rumor of that one of those tasked with spreading the runes across the lands perished when her ship sank in the port of Kalsgard. 
- Anneig Nordahl (Woman, Occupation: Seeress)
	- He who walks in the afterlife will guard your enemies.
	- Having one will thwart them, but will make you a target.
- Nanna Nordahl (Woman, Occupation: Alemaker)
- Freya Borstad (Woman, Occupation: Bodyguard)
- Idony Nyland (Woman, Occupation: Prophetess)
	- The King in the Ironbound Archipelago will celebrate your deeds.   A statue will be made in your honor. 

##### Solheim Brothers
Killed in banquet by demon soldiers
- ~~~Rosingur Solheim (Man, Occupation: Rune Carver)
	- Can make you copies of any runes you have pictures of in whatever material you want.
- ~~~Hann Solheim (Man, Occupation: BowMan)

##### Ort's Shipping
- Ingvildr Rund (Woman, Occupation: Sailingmaster)
- Samundur Loga (Man, Occupation: Seafarer)

##### Craftsman
- Atli Netleste (Man, Occupation: Mailmaker)
- Signhildr Treland (Woman, Occupation: Mailmaker)
- Helgi Opdahl (Man, Occupation: Weaving Man)


### Act 3 - Attack at the Ball

Two [[Cultist Priest💢]] and a number of [[Demonic Soldier]]  burst into the banquet room.  Two soldiers per character and companion. 

## Pathfinder Society Quest Board

- ~~Healing Run - Completed by party (2023-07-08)~~
	- Objective: Scout Shoreline in Southmoor, bring healing supplies, reports of disease
	- Obstacle:  Someone is spreading disease, 12x [[Cultist, Typical|Cultists]], 1x[[Cultist Priest💢]]
	- Complications: Prices are doubled and no treasure to be found, [[Ri'Aziir]] is mistaken for famous adventurer known for spreading wealth.
- Bounty
	- Objective: Track down [[Ivar Sparre]]
	- Obstacle: [[Ivar Sparre]] was minor noble who fell out of favor, he wants his title back, he's enlisted the help of a 1x [[Lich 💢]], 6x [[Skeleton, Humanoid]], and 4 x [[Ghoul]], 4x [[Zombie Warrior]]
	- Complication: Aura of Death, -2 on all rolls to affect undead (not Lich), Amulet of Protection is a forgery.
- Need Information from Keep in Halgrim
	- Objective: Bring back all magical information, diagrams, etc from keep
	- Obstacle: Group of people have taken refuge in keep and want to keep others out
	- Complication: All interactions are at -2 when trying to influence the people, and a disease is spreading through the people.   Every day adventurers must make a vigor role or gain a level of fatigue.  DIsease can't be treated until mission completion.

# Of note from game Session
- [[Rennanna Vell]] is out of town at fight pits to southeast.   Her delivery is refused by her house, butler clearly disapproves.  Party stored flesh golem box in Pathfinder Lodge storage.
- 