## Return to Halgrim

- Party sees tendrils of smoke coming from different areas of the South District
- Upon arrival, the roads into town are guarded with a number of guards at each ingress.
    - They are suspicious of anyone coming in
    - Will report on the troubles they see
    - Not willing to accept bribes

- There were fires at

1. The Rose and Bottle Tavern

1. Fire was extinguished quickly because it was rather full at the time
2. Repaired able, 1000 GP

3. Red Pearl Inn

1. Inn a total loss, fire was exceptionally virulent
2. 10000 gp to rebuild
3. Megan and Kor Critically magically injured (healing power resistant), at temple of Sarenrae

6. Demon Attack

1. Demon and Azrak came through a portal near Rose and Bottle. 
2. Cast Fireball at the Rose and Bottle
3. A number of people revealed themselves and cultist under Azrak's command and immediately started havoc (attacking people, looting store fronts, chanting)
4. Demon and Azrak portaled to the Red Pearl and set it on fire then portaled away

3. Investigation

1. Authorities ask to speak with party as they have had dealings with Azrak.
2. They would gladly accept help in the investigation, offering an reward of an Immovable Rod that was part of a criminal enterprise seizure.
3. The last person that saw the demon was Geoffry Foxe

1. Geoffry Foxe - Male halfling retired soldier, black hair, blue eyes, tatoos
2. Was a guest at the Red Pearl, Megan rescued him.  
3. Guards have not been able to locate him since questioning him.
4. Reported that the demon headed toward Oldtown
5. Body will be found floating in river between South District and Oldtown

1. Paper wrapped in leather with a single Rune hastily sketched on it with a bloody note

1.  "Azrak's background is not what people think.  He has been cultivating people into his cult for a couple of years now."
2. These Runes are the key, I saw 12 of them, but can only remember one
3. Base in Oldtown

5. Cultist Base

1. Located in an abandoned building on Northeastern outskirts of Oldtown
2. Two story building with collapsed roof, locked and trapped trapdoor leads to basement.

1. Type: Mechanical; Notice Check: Yes, -4; Thievery Check, Yes, -2  
    Trigger: If unlocked and opened, explosive rune  
    Effect: 3d6 Fire damage

4. Two rooms are in basement, they look like they have been hastily cleaned out.

1. Main Area:  contains cots and a table.   Notice Check -2 to find bloody note detailing Azrak as an evil Elf lord "bringing the Time of Demons to the world"  

1. Office: Few semi-burnt pages of a Journal left behind with

1. Some of my followers are spies for the guards, I think Kactus…
2. Kactus found…background…made an excellent sacrifice
3. Adventurers have thwarted…sacrifice of the Burfell…pay…Koz's wife is behind them…start with them.
4. Three found…12 more…Jol…

7. Travel to Bergheim

1. 300 Miles by Sailing Ship, 6 day trip 80GP/Person.
2. 36 miles from Berheim to Jol

---

## WENDIGO (WC)

A wendigo appears much like a tall humanoid in the last stages of death from starvation. Completely hairless, its flesh is deathly pale except for its blackened extremities. Itsfingers end with long talons, while needlelike fangs fill its mouth.

A wendigo has ragged, bloody flesh around its maw because it constantly devours its own lips. Its tongue is long, pocked with sores, and the color of a fresh bruise. It has glowing, yellow eyes that float in large sockets full of blood.

Type: Evil Outsider (Wendigo)

Attributes: Agility d12, Smarts d8, Spirit d8, Strength d12+3, Vigor d10

Skills: Athletics d10, Common Knowledge d8, Fighting d10, Intimidation d8, Notice d8, Occult d10, Persuasion d8, Stealth d10

Pace: 7; Parry: 7; Toughness: 14 (5)

Edges: Arcane Resistance

Special Abilities:

- Armor +5: Wendigo hide.
- Bite/Claws: Str+d6 (cold).
- Blindsense: Wendigos ignore invisibility,  illusion, and all Illumination penalties.
- Control Weather: A wendigo can concentrate for 10 minutes to summon a snowstorm or blizzard in a two mile radius. This creates Dim Illumination and extreme cold throughout the area.
- Dream Haunting: Once per night, a wendigo can enter the dream of any sentient target, causing intense nightmares. The victim must make a Spirit roll at –4 or suffer Fatigue. The Fatigue can't be removed until the victim gets a full night sleep without suffering nightmares.
- Environmental Weakness: Cold iron, fire.
- Fast Regeneration: Wendigos may attempt a natural healing roll every round, even if Incapacitated, unless their Wounds were caused by fire or they’re put to the torch afterward.
- Fearless: Wendigos are immune to Fear and Intimidation.
- Flight: Pace 12; can become intangible as a limited free action while flying.
- Howl: Three times per day, a wendigo can emit a forlorn howl that can be heard up to  a mile away. Creatures who hear this must test Fear at –2.
- Immunity: Cold.
- Size 2: A wendigo stands around 10’ tall and weights 1,000 lbs.
- Wendigo Psychosis: Anyone Wounded by a bite attack, or fails to resist Dream Haunting, must make a Spirit roll or contract this curse. Every day, the victim suffers Energy Drain (Spirit)—a Spirit roll suppresses the effect. If Spirit would be reduced below d4, he instead seeks an individual of his ancestry to devour. After completing this heinous act, the afflicted begins transforming into a wendigo. He takes off at a run, and in 1d4 rounds sprints up into the sky at such a speed that his feet burn away into jagged stumps. The transformation into a wendigo takes 2d6 minutes as the victim flies across the sky.