Explored chambers below arena in Jol got note indicating that [[Azrak]] and the demon have headed north.  Returned to the Pathfinder Society and did more research.   There are [[Thassilonian]] ruins north of Jol.   The adventurers prepare to head north.

## Status Updates
### [[Amaris]] 
- Chronic Disease
	- ** Effect** - At the start of every game session, the character makes a Vigor roll. Failure means he’s Exhausted from spasms, coughing fits, or similar issues for that session. A Critical Failure means he will expire before the end of the session. The GM is encouraged to let heroes go out in a blaze of glory if possible. Success means the victim is Fatigued for the game session, and a raise means he gets a second wind and suffers no ill effects.
	- **Recovery** - Diseases can be cured by the healing power with the Neutralize Poison or Disease modifier, or with specific medications — whether or not those are available depends on the game (GM’s call). The symptoms can often be treated by common medicines, however. With a successful Healing roll, a physician, priest, herbalist, etc., can prescribe or create a treatment. She may attempt to do so once per day

## Encounters

1. Eight [[Bandit|Thugs]] and their [[Bandit Chief💢|leader]] stop them on their way out of Jol.  They are looking for [[Drin Gendleson]], [[Greta Scaeva|Scaeva]] wants her money, but more importantly wants to send a message.   The Thugs will fight, but once 3 of them die, they will surrender.
2. [[Frits Solie]], a Pathfinder Society member comes into the lodge, he's been traveling North and reports  of a Demon and Mage heading South just a day ago.  

### Savage Pathfinder Quest Board

- Healing Run
	- Objective: Scout Shoreline in Southmoor, bring healing supplies, reports of disease
	- Obstacle:  Someone is spreading disease, 12x [[Cultist, Typical|Cultists]], 1x[[Cultist Priest💢]]
	- Complications: Prices are doubled and no treasure to be found, [[Ri'Aziir]] is mistaken for famous adventurer known for spreading wealth.
- Bounty
	- Objective: Track down [[Ivar Sparre]]
	- Obstacle: [[Ivar Sparre]] was minor noble who fell out of favor, he wants his title back, he's enlisted the help of a 1x [[Lich 💢]], 6x [[Skeleton, Humanoid]], and 4 x [[Ghoul]], 4x [[Zombie Warrior]]
	- Complication: Aura of Death, -2 on all rolls to affect undead (not Lich), Amulet of Protection is a forgery.
- Need Information from Keep in Halgrim
	- Objective: Bring back all magical information, diagrams, etc from keep
	- Obstacle: Group of people have taken refuge in keep and want to keep others out
	- Complication: All interactions are at -2 when trying to influence the people, and a disease is spreading through the people.   Every day adventurers must make a vigor role or gain a level of fatigue.  DIsease can't be treated until mission completion.
